You can’t control how you feel.  But you can always choose how you act. -Mel Robbins
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.  ― John Lennon
I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.  ― Herbert Bayard Swope
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. ― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. ― Dalai Lama XIV
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn’t sit for a month.– Theodore Roosevelt
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.  ― Mahatma Gandhi 
Peace begins with a smile.  ― Mother Teresa
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.  ― Michael Cunningham 
Don’t worry about the world coming to an end today.  It is already tomorrow in Australia. – Charles Schulz
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!  ― Audrey Hepburn
I have a theory that selflessness and bravery aren't all that different.  ― Veronica Roth, Divergent
I didn’t fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong. – Benjamin Franklin
If you are going through hell, keep going.  ― Winston S. Churchill
Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion.  ― Rumi
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.  ― Bob Marley
When I hear somebody sigh, ‘Life is hard,’ I am always tempted to ask, ‘Compared to what?' – Sydney Harris
What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it.  ― Gabriel Garcia Marquez
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.– Voltaire
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal. ― Albert Camus
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.– Walter Bagehot
Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intelligence and a deep heart. The really great men must, I think, have great sadness on earth.  ― Fyodor Dostoevsky, Crime and Punishment
The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs… one step at a time. – Joe Girard
You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness. ― Jonathan Safran Foer
Turn your wounds into wisdom.  ― Oprah Winfrey
Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.  ― Nora Ephron
We don’t stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing. – George Bernard Shaw
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?  ― Dr. Seuss
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.  ― Winston S. Churchill
I wonder how many people I've looked at all my life and never seen.  ― John Steinbeck 
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. – Mark Twain
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.  ― William Shakespeare
Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.  ― Maya Angelou
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. – Maureen Dowd
It is the moment when you want to change more than you want to stay the same that healing can begin.  - Linda Bjork
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.  ― Martin Luther King Jr.
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.  ― Mark Twain
It takes less time to do things right than to explain why you did it wrong. – Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. — George Addair
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. — Confucius
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. – C.S. Lewis
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.  ― Albert Einstein
The key to success is not through achievement but through enthusiasm. –Malcolm Forbes
Nothing that’s worthwhile is ever easy. Remember that.  ― Nicholas Spark 
What matters most is how well you walk through the fire  ― Charles Bukowski
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.  ― Anais Nin
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.  ― Walt Disney Company, Mulan
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.  ― Søren Kierkegaard
It is not the answer that enlightens, but the question. – Eugene Ionesco Decouvertes
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.  ― Maya Angelou
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. – Thomas Edison
I have decided to stick to love...Hate is too great a burden to bear.  ― Martin Luther King Jr. 
Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.  ― John Greenleaf Whittier 
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.  ― George Bernard Shaw
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.  ― Tom Bodett
A diamond is merely a lump of coal that did well under pressure. – Unknown
Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.– William James
I hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes. Because if you are making mistakes...you're Doing Something.  ― Neil Gaiman
If you’re going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now. – Marie Osmond
We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be. ― May Sarton
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.  ― Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief
We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.  ― Marilyn Monroe
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle.  ― Plato
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.  ― J.R.R. Tolkien
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.  ― Frank Herbert, Dune
May you live every day of your life.  ― Jonathan Swift
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.  ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring
Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.  ― Carter Crocker
Whatever you are, be a good one.  ― Abraham Lincoln
It’s okay to look at the past and the future. Just don’t stare. — Lisa Lieberman-Wang
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today – Will Rogers
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see it – Andy Warhol
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. —Elizabeth Bibesco 
Hating people is like burning down your own home to get rid of a rat. — Harry Emerson Fosdick
Pride is concerned with who is right. Humility is concerned with what is right. —Ezra Taft Benson 
You can’t reach for anything new if your hands are full of yesterday’s junk – Louise Smith
The best way to predict your future is to create it!  - Abraham Lincoln
Now, every time I witness a strong person I want to know:  What darkness did you conquer in your story?  Mountains do not rise without earthquakes – Katherine Makenett
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.  Dalai Lama
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. – Albert Einstein
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.  ― Walt Whitman
The best way out is always through.  ― Robert Frost
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.  ― George Bernard Shaw
Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.  ― Roy T. Bennett 
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone. – Reba McEntire
No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future. ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh – at yourself. – Ethel Barrymore
One must dare to be happy.  ― Gertrude Stein
A mind is like a parachute. It doesn’t work if it is not open. – Frank Zappa
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday. – Dale Carnegie
Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile. ― Mother Teresa
Aspire to inspire before we expire. – Eugene Bell Jr
What is right is not always popular and what is popular is not always right. ― Albert Einstein
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished – If you’re alive it isn’t. – Richard Bach
Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind. ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire.  ― Dan Brown
Optimist: someone who figures that taking a step backward after taking a step forward is not a disaster, it’s more like a cha-cha. – Robert Brault
The question is not what you look at, but what you see.  ― Henry David Thoreau
To love another person is to see the face of God.  ― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables
Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.  ― Roy T. Bennett
Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. – Will Rogers
You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.  ― Roy T. Bennett
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't. ― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free
Life is like a prism. What you see depends on how you turn the glass.  ― Jonathan Kellerman
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self.  ― Ernest Hemingway
The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger--but recognize the opportunity.  ― John F. Kennedy
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.  ― Maya Angelou
Life is to be enjoyed, not endured  ― Gordon B. Hinckley
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.  ― Emily Dickinson
Three things in human life are important: the first is to be kind; the second is to be kind; and the third is to be kind.  ― Henry James
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.– Bernard Baruch
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.  ― Rumi
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.  ― C. JoyBell C.
The scariest moment is always just before you start.  ― Stephen King 
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.  ― St. Francis Of Assisi 
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.  ― Nicolas Chamfort
You never fail until you stop trying.  ― Albert Einstein
We know what we are, but not what we may be.  ― William Shakespeare
Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.  ― David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.  ― Lou Holtz
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely. ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
You’re wishin’ too much, baby. You gotta stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone oughtta be.  ― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love
There are wounds that never show on the body that are deeper and more hurtful than anything that bleeds.  ― Laurell K. Hamilton, Mistral's Kiss
You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them. ― Maya Angelou, 
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.  ― Lao Tzu
God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.  ― Elbert Hubbard
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.  ― Corrie Ten Boom 
I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.  ― Maya Angelou
A brave man acknowledges the strength of others.  ― Veronica Roth, Divergent
There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor.  ― Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol
Unbeing dead isn't being alive.  ― E. E. Cummings
If you look for perfection, you'll never be content.  ― Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina
The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.  ― Albert Einstein
Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.  ― Marcel Proust
A failure is like fertilizer; it stinks to be sure, but it makes things grow faster in the future.– Denis Waitley
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.  ― Benjamin Spock
People generally see what they look for, and hear what they listen for.  ― Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird
What you seek is seeking you.  ― Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi
Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own.  ― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart  ― Helen Keller
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already.  ― J.K. Rowling
She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it). ― Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.  ― Mahatma Gandhi
What happens when people open their hearts?
They get better.  ― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star.  ― Friedrich Nietzsche
No medicine cures what happiness cannot.  ― Gabriel García Márquez
I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt. ― Maya Angelou
One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.  ― Sigmund Freud
Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love. -   Brene Brown
To err is human; to admit it, superhuman.– Doug Larson
Losers quit when they fail.  Winners fail until they succeed. -  Robert Keyosaki
It always seems impossible until it’s done. -  Nelson Mandela
Do one thing every day that scares you.-   Eleanor Roosevelt
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do – Steve Jobs
Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. – Zig Ziglar
Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life. ― Tony Robbins
If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it, setting goals so that your vision is an expression of that purpose, then life flows much more easily. ― Jack Canfield
We don’t develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. – Barbara De Angelis
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want. – Zig Ziglar
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. – Charles R. Swindoll
I was born to make mistakes, not to fake perfection. – Drake
If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. – Maya Angelou
Put your future in good hands – your own. – Mark Victor Hansen
Courage starts with showing up and letting ourselves be seen. ― Brené Brown 
Vulnerability sounds like truth and feels like courage. Truth and courage aren't always comfortable, but they're never weakness. ― Brené Brown 
People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough. ― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. ― Walt Disney
A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes.  ― Mahatma Gandhi
Of course motivation is not permanent. But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis.  ― Zig Ziglar 
You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody.  ― Maya Angelou
I am beginning to learn that it is the sweet, simple things of life which are the real ones after all.  ― Laura Ingalls Wilder
In one aspect, yes, I believe in ghosts, but we create them. We haunt ourselves.  ― Laurie Halse Anderson 
That which you believe becomes your world.  ― Richard Matheson, What Dreams May Come
The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up.  ― Mark Twain
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.  ― Marilyn Monroe
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough  ― Oprah Winfrey
The future depends on what you do today.  ― Mahatma Gandhi
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. ― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations
There is a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in.  ― Leonard Cohen 
Life is a mirror: if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting.  ― William Makepeace Thackeray
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.  ― Marcel Proust
The longer I live, the more I observe that carrying around anger is the most debilitating to the person who bears it.  ― Katharine Graham
At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can.  ― Frida Kahlo
To err is human, to forgive, divine.  ― Alexander Pope 
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you.  ― Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching
Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic.  ― Oscar Wilde 
Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.  ― Roy T. Bennett
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.  ― Sigmund Freud
I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.  ― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all of the power we need inside ourselves already.  ― J.K. Rowling
Don't give in to your fears. If you do, you won't be able to talk to your heart.  ― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking.  ― Santosh Kalwar 
Laugh a lot. It burns a lot of calories.– Jessica Simpson
The more one judges, the less one loves.  ― Honoré de Balzac 
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself. ― Groucho Marx
Sometimes things fall apart so that better things can fall together  ― Marilyn Monroe
Courage is found in unlikely places. ― J.R.R. Tolkien
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.  ― Mahatma Gandhi
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.  ― Robert Louis Stevenson
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.  ― Phyllis Diller
If you look the right way, you can see that the whole world is a garden.  ― Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden
Of all the words of mice and men, the saddest are, It might have been.  ― Kurt Vonnegut
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.  ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.  ― Abraham Lincoln
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.  ― Steve Maraboli
It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to.  ― W.C. Fields
We all bear scars,... Mine just happen to be more visible than most.  ― Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass
Remember if people talk behind your back, it only means you are two steps ahead. ― Fannie Flagg, Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe
Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option.  ― Maya Angelou
It's not always necessary to be strong, but to feel strong.  ― Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.   ― Coco Chanel
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.  ― Confucius
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.  ― Mark Twain
Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.  ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular. ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.  ― C. S. Lewis
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.  ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
Time is the coin of your life. You spend it. Do not allow others to spend it for you.  ― Carl Sandburg
Scared is what you're feeling. Brave is what you're doing.  ― Emma Donoghue, Room
And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good.  ― John Steinbeck, East of Eden
The greatest thief this world has ever produced is procrastination, and he is still at large.– Josh Billings
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.  ― The Dalai Lama
Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself. ― Lois McMaster Bujold, A Civil Campaign
Don't compromise yourself - you're all you have.  ― John Grisham, The Rainmaker
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.  ― Desmond Tutu
When you find your path, you must not be afraid. You need to have sufficient courage to make mistakes. Disappointment, defeat, and despair are the tools God uses to show us the way.  ― Paulo Coelho, Brida
Remain true to yourself, child. If you know your own heart, you will always have one friend who does not lie.  ― Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Forest House
Try a little harder to be a little better.  ― Gordon B. Hinckley
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.  ― Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband
I am different, not less.  ― Temple Grandin
Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.  ― Ayn Rand
Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle.  ― Lewis Carroll , Alice in Wonderland
You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming.  ― Pablo Neruda
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.  ― Confucious
We take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.  ― Cynthia Ozick
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but only saps today of its strength.  ― A.J. Cronin
We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation. It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path, but it's another to think that yours is the only path.  ― Paulo Coelho
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection ― Sharon Salzberg
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.  ― Mother Teresa
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.  ― Winston S. Churchill
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.  ― Mother Theresa
Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.  ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
You have to know what you stand for, not just what you stand against.  ― Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak
Life isn't finding shelter in the storm. It's about learning to dance in the rain.  ― Sherrilyn Kenyon, Acheron
Keep in mind that people change, but the past doesn't.  ― Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush
Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.  ― Margaret Mead
It's been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will.  ― Lucy Maud Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.  ― Jane Goodall
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.  ― Joseph Campbell
Real loneliness is not necessarily limited to when you are alone.  ― Charles Bukowski
I've found that there is always some beauty left -- in nature, sunshine, freedom, in yourself; these can all help you.  ― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl
You can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will.  ― Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft
I think there's just one kind of folks. Folks.  ― Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.  ― Truman Capote
You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.  ― C. JoyBell C.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.  ― Alice Walker
Letting go doesn't mean that you don't care about someone anymore. It's just realizing that the only person you really have control over is yourself.  ― Deborah Reber 
If you don't know, the thing to do is not to get scared, but to learn.  ― Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged
It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.  ― Albert Einstein
Happiness [is] only real when shared  ― Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.  ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you're lonely when you're alone, you're in bad company.  ― Jean-Paul Sartre
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.  ― John A. Shedd
Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.  ― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.  ― Albert Einstein
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.  ― Anais Nin
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.  ― Charlotte Bronte, Jane Eyre
You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?  ― Rumi
You couldn't relive your life, skipping the awful parts, without losing what made it worthwhile. You had to accept it as a whole--like the world, or the person you loved.  ― Stewart O'Nan, The Odds: A Love Story
So many things are possible just as long as you don't know they're impossible.  ― Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth
If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.  ― Ivan Turgenev
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
The only reason some people get lost in thought is because it’s unfamiliar territory.– Paul Fix
Take pride in your pain; you are stronger than those who have none  ― Lois Lowry, Gathering Blue
The bravest people are the ones who don’t mind looking like cowards.  ― T.H. White, The Once and Future King
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places.  ― Ernest Hemingway
You cannot be anything if you want to be everything.– Solomon Schechter
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.  ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.  ― Kathryn Stockett, The Help
Perhaps it's impossible to wear an identity without becoming what you pretend to be.  ― Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game
I, myself, am made entirely of flaws, stitched together with good intentions.  ― Augusten Burroughs
Forever is composed of nows.  ― Emily Dickinson
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style  ― Maya Angelou
When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are. ― Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.  ― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables
Many people lose the small joys in the hope for the big happiness.  ― Pearl S. Buck
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.  ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be. I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape. ― Charles Dickens, Great Expectations
Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. ― Will Rogers
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston S. Churchill
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse. - Jim Rohn
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
Success isn't just about what you accomplish in your life; it's about what you inspire others to do. - Unknown
Fall seven times and stand up eight. - Japanese Proverb
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.  ― Dr. Seuss
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.  ― Oscar Wilde
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.  ― Bernard M. Baruch
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth. ― William W. Purkey
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.  ― Mae West
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.  ― Mahatma Gandhi
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.  ― Robert Frost
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.  ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Don’t walk in front of me… I may not follow Don’t walk behind me… I may not lead Walk beside me… just be my friend ― Albert Camus
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.  ― Eleanor Roosevelt 
Friendship ... is born at the moment when one man says to another What! You too? I thought that no one but myself . . .  ― C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.  ― Maya Angelou
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.  ― Elbert Hubbard
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.  ― Oscar Wilde
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.  ― Oscar Wilde
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.  ― Mahatma Gandhi
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.  ― Martin Luther King Jr. 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.  ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
We accept the love we think we deserve.  ― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results. ― Narcotics Anonymous
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. ― H. Jackson Brown Jr., P.S. I Love You
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.  ― Andre Gide, Autumn Leaves
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.  ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.  ― Marilyn Monroe
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.  ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.  ― Albert Einstein
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.  ― William Shakespeare, As You Like It
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.  ― Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.  ― Allen Saunders
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).  ― Mark Twain
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.  ― Neil Gaiman, Coraline
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.  ― Bill Keane
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. ― Thomas A. Edison
A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.  ― Eleanor Roosevelt
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.  ― Friedrich Nietzsche
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.  ― Gordon A. Eadie
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.  ― Douglas Adams 
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.  ― William Shakespeare, All's Well That Ends Well
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.  ― Friedrich Nietzsche
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.  ― Lao Tzu
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.  ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is never too late to be what you might have been.  ― George Eliot
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.  ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.  ― Mother Teresa
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.  ― Maya Angelou 
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.  ― Anaïs Nin
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.  ― Dr. Seuss
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.  ― Charles M. Schulz
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.  ― Jim Henson
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?  ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default. ― J.K. Rowling
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.  ― George Bernard Shaw
Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.  ― Abraham Lincoln
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.  ― Theodore Roosevelt
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.  ― Mother Teresa
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.  ― Helen Keller
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.  ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.  ― Winston S. Churchill
You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not.  ― Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.  ― Albert Einstein
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.  ― John Green, Looking for Alaska
When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.  ― Jess C. Scott, The Intern
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.  ― E.E. Cummings
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.  ― Albert Einstein
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.  ― Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.  ― Kurt Vonnegut, Mother Night
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.  ― Aristotle
A day without laughter is a day wasted.  ― Nicolas Chamfort
A person's a person, no matter how small.  ― Dr. Seuss, Horton Hears a Who!
Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.  ― Roald Dahl
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.  ― George Orwell, 1984
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.  ― Mahatma Gandhi
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.  ― Mark Twain
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.  ― Anne Frank 
A man doesn’t know what he knows until he knows what he doesn’t know.– Laurence J. Peter
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.  ― Albert Camus
When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.  ― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.  ― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.  ― Leo Tolstoy
What can you do to promote world peace? Go home and love your family.  ― Mother Teresa
We learn from failure, not from success!  ― Bram Stoker, Dracula
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. ― Oliver Goldsmith 
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.  ― J.K.Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.  ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity  ― Albert Einstein
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.  ― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free
Because this is what happens when you try to run from the past. It just doesn’t catch up, it overtakes … blotting out the future.  ― Sarah Dessen, Just Listen
In the end that was the choice you made, and it doesn't matter how hard it was to make it. It matters that you did.  ― Cassandra Clare, City of Glass
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.  ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
Until you value yourself, you won’t value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.– M. Scott Peck
Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?  ― John Keats, Letters of John Keats
I just want you to know that you’re very special… and the only reason I’m telling you is that I don’t know if anyone else ever has.  ― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower
If you want to be happy, be.  ― Tolstoy Leo
It is often in the darkest skies that we see the brightest stars. ― Richard Evans
One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others.  ― Lewis Carroll
Do no harm and leave the world a better place than you found it.  ― Patricia Cornwell
Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.  ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
To hurt is as human as to breathe.  ― J.K. Rowling, The Tales of Beedle the Bard
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand ― Hayley Williams
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.  ― Marie Curie
The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.  ― C. JoyBell C.
In life, finding a voice is speaking and living the truth. Each of you is an original. Each of you has a distinctive voice. When you find it, your story will be told. You will be heard. ― John Grisham
So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?  ― Hunter S. Thompson
He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions.  ― Confucius
I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened.– Mark Twain
Happiness always looks small while you hold it in your hands, but let it go, and you learn at once how big and precious it is.  ― Maxim Gorky, The Lower Depths and Other Plays
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.   ― Walt Disney
The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don’t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope.  ― Barack Obama
It is not the length of life, but the depth.  ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
It isn't what we say or think that defines us, but what we do.  ― Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.  ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.  ― Ben Okri
Worrying is like paying a debt you don’t owe.– Mark Twain
If I am not good to myself, how can I expect anyone else to be good to me?  ― Maya Angelou
I have accepted fear as part of life – specifically the fear of change... I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back....  ― Erica Jong
But until a person can say deeply and honestly, I am what I am today because of the choices I made yesterday, that person cannot say, I choose otherwise. ― Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change
I think and think and think, I‘ve thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.  ― Jonathan Safran Foer
The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.  ― Mother Teresa
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad. – Miles Kington
Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength. ― Napoleon Bonaparte
Courage starts with showing up and letting ourselves be seen. ― Brené Brown,  
Vulnerability sounds like truth and feels like courage. Truth and courage aren't always comfortable, but they're never weakness.  ― Brené Brown 
Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It's quite simple, really: Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn't at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that's where you will find success. ― Thomas J. Watson
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. ― Winston S. Churchill
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. ― Albert Schweitzer
Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. – Zig Ziglar
Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life. ― Tony Robbins
If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it, setting goals so that your vision is an expression of that purpose, then life flows much more easily. ― Jack Canfield
We don’t develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. – Barbara De Angelis
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want. – Zig Ziglar
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. – Charles R. Swindoll
If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. – Maya Angelou
You control your future, your destiny. What you think about comes about. By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Put your future in good hands – your own. – Mark Victor Hansen
Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. – Zig Ziglar
Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life. ― Tony Robbins
If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it, setting goals so that your vision is an expression of that purpose, then life flows much more easily. ― Jack Canfield
We don’t develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. – Barbara De Angelis
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want. – Zig Ziglar
If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. – Maya Angelou
You control your future, your destiny. What you think about comes about. By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Put your future in good hands – your own. – Mark Victor Hansen